as those of you here here know we do our
show in LA and maybe the only thing more
stressful than driving in LA is parking
in LA and and when faced with a
difficult situation I like to make
things more difficult so we enlisted the
help of Adam Levine his band Maroon 5 as
a tour starting May 30th in Chula Vista
and we thought it would be fun to for
Adam to give out concert tickets
disguised as parking tickets with Adam
disguised as parking enforcement as
unsuspecting drivers meet maroon 5 oh I
know this is crazy
well you have 30 seconds to actually put
the money in the meter 30 seconds I got
to be a stickler sorry it's a crowded
street thank you
10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 it's too late I
gotta give you a ticket pal once I start
I can't stop unfortunately hello I'm
getting my ticket and I have a green
right here you can report it if you like
it's not gonna make a difference really
well good thing so I have one Tory don't
hate the may hate the meter pal sorry
buddy
I know I don't understand either play
let me get on camera - hey how are you I
got something here - in case you want to
report it formally I feel terrible I
feel terrible hey boys take these
concert tickets for tea there you go
[Applause]
oh not your day you came in a little hot
you did went a little fast yeah I tried
to guide you now your turn signal wasn't
on either I hate to be that guy but
unfortunately I got a quarter to fill a
parking spot yeah well you know I guess
I can agree to disagree
oh wait a second no no no no no I know
who you are take the tickets and get out
of here
[Applause]
[Music]
Judas is this you you're parked in a
parking zone its uses only for parking
right there this is a parking zone so
you can't park in a parking zone
it's not technically a parking spot yes
there are those but that doesn't make it
a parking spot it's the fine print I
honestly can't get into the details
it'll be on the ticket it's it's a
five-minute no standing zone and now oh
I gotta get you on this I gotta get you
on the standing now there's a proximity
law you're not actually allowed to be
closer than five feet to the officer
when the officer is distributing the
ticket these are not my rules I just
follow them and this whole street is
handicap zone
you got going here it's a hybrid Toyota
hmm this car triggers me for your case I
have three violations parking in a
handicapped zone parking in a non
parking zone and driving a Japanese car
that triggers me I'm so sorry dude you
seem like a very sweet woman but I have
another job I play in this band and you
have the concert coming up so what I can
do is I can give you the ticket but I
can also give you these tickets
ma'am do you like moon five you know who
they are I am Jimmy Kimmel give back
this holiday season by my new book the
serious goose I wrote it and illustrated
it all the money I make those two
children's hospitals across the country
so you know what to do